I'm an electrician's mate. Chief. The electrician's mate means that I'm
an expert, um, for electrical operations for electrical maintenance.
Um, I think that I can handle that pretty well. I'm a chief, which
means that, um, I handle the unit. I handle the operations that we
do the minutes that we do, but also, um, the day to day, um, activities.
So if they need training, um, if they need other things like that
Now, what I'm not an expert in is anything outside of that. So,
for instance, security. You put it up to the security manager, Um, let
the experts do their job and specifically sexual things. Um, um,
emotional things for the sexual part. We have the victim's advocate.
We have the, uh, sexual assault coordinator. Um, you refer your people
to them for the psychological. We have the psychological health
operation specialists. You referred to them, you know, like things dealing
with suicide as soon as you hear it. Um, that that someone might
be considering that. Say, Well, you know, as a chief, that's where
my role ends. You know, he's in my unit. My goal from that point
on is to make sure that that person is safe because as electrician's,
you know, safety is number one always on my mind and then get that
person to the correct, um, psychological health outreach person. So,
um yeah, other than the obvious ones, it's a case by case thing. Um,
if people are belligerent, you have to realize, like whether you
can handle that in house or if you have to send that up to the to the
MPs, um, think things like that.